Add grpc example (#295)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples: grpc/README.md

# GRPC Example

> **Note:** This is an advanced scenario useful for people that want to *manually* instrument their own code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This is an advanced scenario useful for people who want to *manually* instrument their own code.
```

This is a simple example that demonstrates how to use the OpenTelemetry SDK
to *manually* instrument a simple GRPC based Client/Server application.

> The example utilize the [opentelemetry-grpc-1.6](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/tree/main/instrumentation/grpc-1.6/library#library-instrumentation-for-grpc-160)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ths example utilizes the [opentelemetry-grpc-1.6](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/tree/main/instrumentation/grpc-1.6/library#library-instrumentation-for-grpc-160)
```

to instrument both the GRPC client and server. 

# How to run

## Prerequisites

> * Java 1.8.231

Reviewer: That's oddly specific. Can it run with later versions like 11 or 17 as well?

Author: I copied this from other examples, seems it's out of date and I am running on java17. Have it removed!

> * Be on the project root folder

Reviewer: People might think that they need to be in the repo root, not this `grpc` subdir. Can we clarify?
